Lord Commander
Do you mean to doubt me?
Little Huai is so far
You're still here telling me
Is it funny that you tied Lin Jingyun up?
Aren't you just trying to blackmail me?
Not Lord Forest, I have been with you for so many years
You don't believe me?
Trust you how can I trust you
So many years
You sell tobacco in my name
How can I believe you?
What Jia Huai is the man who sells tobacco
Why do you doubt me?
Do you think you let Qin Huomei go?
I don't know?
I'll tell you what.
Since Qin Huomei left
I'll send someone to keep an eye on you and Qin Huomei
So you're setting me up from the beginning
I have to set you up.
What you do you make me wonder
Ok I confess to you
I do all these things.
So what?
I live like a front-line puppet every day.
I don't even know who I am anymore.
Who Am I?